Roles for sprints this deliverable:
1st sprint:
  - Product Owner: James West
  - Scrum Master: Chad Berry
2nd spring:
  - Product Owner: ??? (Ethan will do it if the deliverable is pushed to sunday night)
  - Scrum Master: Abdul Karim

Documentation piece of the project:
Product Backlog – James has to make his product backlog; we don’t know until if the deliverable gets pushed back for an updated product backlog. We’re hoping Chad will do the product backlog for the second sprint of the deliverable.
Sprint Backlog – Chad has to update the sprint backlog for the last spring, and Abdul will update it for the last sprint in the deliverable.
Team Member Report – Don’t have to do it for this deliverable and the next.
Kanban Board – Product owner James will update the Kanban board and maybe the next product owner will do the same.
SRS Document – Jeremy has updated the document. It’s been pushed to master.
Use Case Model/Descriptions – Abdul will finish this update.
Sequence Diagram – Abdul will finish this update.
Domain Model – This got no points off in the laster deliverable, so it doesn’t need to be updated.
Architectural Design Document – James and Mark have worked on this document and Ethan should look this over.
Detailed Design Document with Design Patterns – Abdul will take point on this document and get help as needed from others assigned to it.
Configuration Management Plan – Jeremy will start the CMP and will get help from others as we get in touch with them. (Chad and Ben Caras).
Sprint Review – Ethan will start working on that with chad.

Development Portion of the project:
Jeremy – Statistics Development
Abdullah – Game mechanics and task selection
James – User registration and login/deletion
Mark – ?
Ethan – ?
Ben – ?
Chad – ?

*pushing software to GitHub* - A final version of the application will be pushed to master after it’s worked on by everyone. Everyone who attended the meeting today has a rough idea of what to do and the others should message in the group chat on what they want to do and to meet up to talk about doing it.

